Hail Mary when will she be
mine if you loved me I would give you everything
What's up family? I was
basically rehearsing in case Pepe Aguilar has
another daughter or just in case I
have the same luck as Nodal and I
start messing around with 35 people at once it doesn't
happen that the gossip gets very
powerful and very interesting when they
start getting involved the parents disinherit their
children they hit them on
social networks and do fake live broadcasts
trolling the press Well maybe
the protagonists aren't so funny but
we are enjoying this
gossip for God I want face
Angel Aguilar's father gets involved with
Nodal's father family is not Cliff Bay what you
are seeing in the title and in the
thumbnail of this video Pepe Aguilar
is very upset and I can
empathize with him and honestly the guy
is a [ __ ] crack not only in
music but he is also the [ __ ] master
of the barbs on the internet he is trolling
the press he is hitting his
daughter and in itself  without trembling his pulse he
sends a warning to Nodal I shrink his
balls What's up my kids
welcome one more day to the Channel I am Javi
Oliveira if you didn't know me I invite you to
subscribe if you want to be
up to date with all the gossip because this is
going to be your favorite gossip channel from
today onwards if you have come to
this channel and you didn't know me before it
would be interesting if you had seen
the two videos I have
talking about this topic before so as not to lose
the thread of the gossip be very careful because
I threaten with a fourth video we'll see we'll see we'll
see we haven't started
with this family You're already asking me for the
fourth calm down keep Cal from aunt to godmother and you can
see the belly and me Ah I'm going to be an
aunt it turns out that people are at
most touching Pepe
Aguilar's cataplines on social networks for everything
that is going on around the new
romance already confirmed of his daughter Ángel
Aguilar with the singer Cristian Nodal
who would have left his partner and would
supposedly be starting little more
than according to his description a story
Disney's what happens is that more than a
Disney story, I'm starting to
see this a bit like The Rose of
Guadalupe or why not, it would also be
comparable, friend, do you remember the
friend series, surely yes, friends
hooked up with friends and everything stayed
at home And the thing is, you have to have balls, I'm
telling you, to mess with Pepe Aguilar,
not because of how well he sings or because of the money
and power he may have, but because,
[ __ ], the guy is 2 m 2 m tall, he's something
like the Buddha of Hong Kong. I wouldn't
even want him as a father-in-law, with that I'm
telling you everything, well, nothing. It seems that
people don't care and start annoying
the man while he's
sharing or enjoying his
vacation that he's been on
vacation in Japan these last few weeks,
take a look at what's the situation he
's going through, upload a video, enjoying the
scenery and all the comments. Don
Pepe, your almost merit, you're making a
mess. Don Pepe, you better come back, some really
weird things are happening. Don Pepe. Have you
heard the saying when the cat's not around,
mice are having a party Well what do you
think Don Pepe I have some gossip Don Pepe
come back He's already a grandfather Borrowed grandson but
Grandson but you have to be mean man
this is son of a [ __ ] I say this because of
Don Pepe's comments I'm on
your team Don Pepe I casually found out
something important he's already learned How do you
say my daughter in Japanese take it easy no
no fan of your relationship this is mean I can't
take it anymore and of course
taking into account that all the people Ah
now pending what Don Pepe does
on his Instagram account look at the
tiktok in which he has uploaded what appears to be
the typical calm video typical of
tiktok the typical real one that can upload
to your Instagram account Yellow mellow and
then he endorses the dog to someone and
gives it to them you don't see anything strange all
correct a man enjoying his
pet And the chicha is
in the title of the video my
favorite son Don Pepe I can't wait to
make a sceo video with you you
really know how to throw stones The thing is
that Pepe Aguilar has four other
children  and with this ril he has taken them
all out with one shot no jokes I don't think it's
any secret and I think that here would
come a phrase that fits
perfectly and that many times the look
the face is the mirror of the soul I think
that you will agree with me all of
you who are watching This video in that
everything would point and I have the slight
suspicion that Don Pepe has not
been very happy about this news I don't know
if as such because of the fact that his
youngest daughter has found a partner or because
his partner is this garment And the thing is that
look Angelita don't you see the red flag don't you
see the [ __ ] red flag she has them
on the [ __ ] center of her face she
has it tattooed who are you Will in me if there
is something that has given me courage about
having grown up and it is that in just
a couple of months I will be 39 years old I know
that I don't look it calm down you don't
have to tell me it is having to go on agreeing
with my mother in everything
well in almost everything thing that my mother
warned me about when I was young and I didn't want to
pay attention to her because I had the crazy idea
in my head of  that my mother wanted to
screw me over to my face and it turns out that no that
my mother wasn't wrong that
everything she warned me about It was coming true it makes
me really angry but I
have to agree with her Well I don't know if in
everything I remember in my crazy
teenage years that my mother Repeated
a phrase to me a lot and it was something like Javi
instead of you instead of big you go
to [ __ ] But well everyone makes
mistakes and nobody is perfect
the woman had to have some mistake and the thing is that
Pepe has seen it clearly listen to her girl
warning message from Pepe Aguilar
to his daughter's boyfriend gentlemen I don't
know what my daughters tell you okay And it's their
problem but
zero zero abuse because then you mess
with their whole family even if she or he doesn't
want to defend themselves there's nothing there and I
'm not
threatening you anything else I'm just telling you and you
know who you
are yes yes it's not me but if I
tell you this and you know who I am you
know what I stand for No more I'm
a ranchero singer you
know me you know me Beyond that
Then it doesn't mean that I'm mafia
but yes I can defend myself and well
then it's like you know who I am don't
screw it up no I mean Don't hurt anything else I've
told them one person already
left never
came back they put on a tie here I'm not
threatening you eh Nodal I'm not threatening you
that you're not threatening him my life But
if I just squirted a citation out of my
ass and I don't even follow her on Instagram nothing
like the reaction that
Nodal's father had when he saw his son enjoying himself
on stage and drooling over
his new princess look at the happiness
of Nodal's dad it can't be hidden
[Music]
but let's see maybe it's not that
poor Pepe Aguilar is not happy about
the fact that his daughter is
sharing her life and getting
engaged to this gentleman with a
tattooed face maybe it's just
that the networks are provoking this
reaction and this concern notice that
the man enjoying his vacation
in Tokyo uploads a chill photo with his
hands like that it can't be more chill than
this and they've filled the
comments box Well  both in this and in
other photographs of comments of the
type that I have shown you before and far from
seeming angry with his daughter or showing
some acceptance for the criticism that is being
made to him, he has been giving
heart to comments that supported her to give her
opinion about other people's children
make sure that you are at
least 80 years old why have you given
heart to this pepé to give her opinion about
other people's children make sure that you
are at least 80 years old but Don
Pepe I'm not 40 and I recently
bought a digital whiteboard on Amazon
thinking it was a Tablet and since I couldn't
find the cable I thought it
charged by putting it in the sun when I'm
80 years old what comment am I going to put
on instagram the box was in English
the explanations on the back of the box
were in English you know how I
get along with English on the back it said
lsd witting I don't know what I don't know what charge
it said I don't know what charge 40 gr also I
remember perfectly or zoom I don't
remember Ivan I think it said charge a  40
Because I also perfectly remember
the number 40 written on the box 40 with the with the with the with
the little gradient okay I
perfectly remember that it said that 40
with the little gradient and I say I charge 40 with
the little gradient this doesn't have a cable this doesn't
have a USB cable or anything You know this is
very modern this is why it's so
cheap because the sun charges 40 gr and 50
if you want I'm in Seville man and I
put It's that I really did it man I mean I'm
telling it I'm
telling it like it's a
joke but it's that I really did it man I
swear I mean I swear I really did it I
'm telling you why am I
making this up but no no no
I said 40 degrees [ __ ] great I'll charge it
double come on I charge the
external battery if necessary with that I put it
all afternoon I put it all afternoon on the
terrace
man I
put it I put it all afternoon on the terrace
But also so that you all could see it
man I put it very carefully in the
Cachito where the Sun was shining from  the terrace
and I also put it very carefully
so that it wouldn't fall or rather and
now I'm imagining because I have it
recorded in my head,
that terrace of the apartment here that was super
small with the shopkeeper in the middle I don't
know how much and me looking for the space to
put this [ __ ] shitty table
when when the [ __ ] the
tablet when Table at around 9 at
night when the sun was over at
9 or 10 I don't know when I was going to
put the Table Burning live the
Table on it didn't turn on but it
burned like all of their dead come on you
could put it as a brazier under the
table stretcher the Table the
hottest Table with a whip in the ear and
co [ __ ] and it wouldn't turn on either here you
give heart to someone who imitates their prayer
but with emojis I would give it
heart too at least they're not guns but the
Lord is not to blame for anything he did
everything possible to give him the best not him not
me as a dad the children each one is their
thing watch out because this comment let's see
this comment has something to it no O  so this
comment is not like he's
defending his daughter either no Or so
this comment He's defending himself
it's like listen listen listen listen
the father has done his mission his thing
solved mate I've fulfilled my part
now whatever the idiot does is
over there she seems logical and normal to me the
warning that Pepe Aguilar gave
Cristian Nodal taking into account his
history and the things we're finding
out about we're talking about a
guy who if you want in a fourth video I'll
tell you he used on several occasions
the image of his family nucleus the
family unit of his house to clean up
his own image when there were controversies
and yet he was out there messing around
with other girls giving him chains that
look like some of
these chains I tie up my motorcycle with and
necklaces rings it's quite likely that there will be an
episode of cuckolding to see of fights
of fights I don't think anything is wrong
Although it is true that the exes that have been
posting lately for
example Belinda not this story that
Marifer later deleted who said that the guy
was a piece of [ __ ] Well obviously it's
normal for a father  report any
nonsense that hurts my daughter You're going to
see me but Pepe pay for it with him, damn it,
don't troll us all Pepe
Aguilar this afternoon well just 3
hours ago I was recording this
video a live video opens on Instagram
imagine the notifications it seemed like
I had drunk 28 reb a
live video opens on Instagram as if to give a
statement to give some statements
me here already turning on the computer great
videos 100,000 visits and look what he's
done very good morning afternoon friends
come here come here come here Hey
how are you Good afternoon good
afternoon good
afternoon good afternoon good afternoon days not days are no longer they would be
afternoons right I'm
waiting for more more more of
you more more journalists
everyone come please tell your
grandma come on 17000 19000 throw 20,000
more more 21800  more more we're going to get to
30 we're going to get to 30 to tell you what I have to
tell you
23400 23000 no 24500
e more more more more more more more was
waiting for me to get here to Los
Angeles eh Ah no it's not here Los Angeles
but well where I am in California
eh To tell you something tremendously eh
important So here it goes e well
look I would like to tell you
how funny Don Don Pepe Hey wh
How nice Don Pepe what what what a
nice joke I don't know you
woke up today you ate Chavo
del Ocho the worst thing is that 140,000 people
have given likes to this publication
as if it were funny that he played with
our hearts like this and I
have to turn off the
computer again and lie down in bed to
get up early tomorrow at 1 in
the afternoon to see if some famous person has done
something Because I make a living from it Ángel Aguilar has
also made some
movements on his account  Instagram has
attracted a lot of attention and has been
a little strange on the one hand this movement
of having stopped following 600 people has been
left only following 30 and
also limited the comments on their
publications something that his father
is also doing I see it normal because
in any photograph they are
uploading of anything whether it be a
musical theme of a trip or of his dog they
are filling it with comments of the
same thing and another person who is
also paying the duck of all this gossip
that we are liking so much but maybe
they are not going through it as well and maybe they do
not deserve it is Nodal's mother
who while dad is happy on
stage the mothers are being
entoxinated by the comments on their networks
insulting him is with Angela son without
emotional responsibility without values ​​​​without
knowing how to be alone or in a relationship empty
wandering to find something that fulfills him
while he is destabilizing lives
burning anyone's reputation he did not
care to leave his baby and less the
mother of his baby talking seriously how
scary to meet a person like
Nodal has zero
emotional responsibility does not even know what he wants
for him it seems to me that he will have grandchildren
scattered miss it's time to take his
child to therapy how unfair what is
happening with casu evidently the mother does
not deserve this type of comment because of what
the son is doing or how he is
handling his relationship and his personal life
of
which we do not even know all the details and we are basing ourselves on speculating on speculating about things that may be quite true at least the majority but it is true that the mother has gotten involved in some gossip on
some occasion and for example during
Cristian's breakup with Belinda she
was like throwing a lot at Belinda
because apparently she could not see her due to
marriage issues parneo Madam, they are
criticizing you because supposedly you did not educate
your son well in this case the lady
spoke ill, in other words, she spoke a lot about
Belinda when they ended their relationship The
fact is that Belinda as I told you yesterday
was always very interested in
Nodal's money and the lady
criticized him for using
Nodal's plane to take trips with her
mother, in other words, with Belinda's mother
all over Europe  they lived or in fact they already have
residence in Spain
Belinda's family and they traveled constantly
but she made excessive use of
Nodal's private plane to the schult to
Belinda's mother and Belinda with the
phantom expenses of Europe the private shet the
shet gasoline all of that was a that
Belinda would go to you even in the Jet the
waste of money that Nodal's mother saw
of Belinda was atrocious I think that
the accounts do the math when they went to
restaurants to eat she inflated the
bills When asking for an invoice
for Belinda to get money from Nodal and she
was the one who discovered how they
inflated the bills when they were in
Europe that she put restaurants and she
put like two o's more yes it is
terrible now and all those things she
criticized her a lot Nodal's mother Abelinda
in a few words the lady
realized how selfish Belinda was
and she can't stand her so she spoke badly of
her sincerely it seems quite
strange to me coming from a
person like Belinda that she would start
doing these things But well that's what is
being  gossip eye Because it's also
starting to be said that Nodal
would be starting to be more original and
not only with his accidents but
also with his gifts moving from
costume jewelry to quality mansions and it's being
said that Nodal could have
bought a house for Angela in
this place called Magnolia in and suet
which I surely
pronounced like a McDonald's menu
this place is located in Houston and
this would be the type of house more or
less worth This is the style of houses
that are in Magnolias which basically
comes to be an
exclusive subdivision of the city just you have to
see the houses I mean I don't have an
idea of ​​what this Nodal has to cost
I'll bite your mouth if you want me
too although sincerely putting my
feet on the ground it is more than evident that
the issue of Angela by Nodal is not a
couple of couples nor is she going After him
for economic interest or anything
like that she her father her uncles her
brothers her ancestors are rotten with
money surely they could build an
equally hard house without  brick with a
bill and by the way you're sending me a
lot of this Danny Flow thing
trying to get Nodal to mouth off without
Nodal having said anything to him he's already
warning that if Nodal shoots him he
answers not to shoot him and it's like
Elito who's telling you anything And it seems that
Danny Flow This is
a very careful fame seeker recently he
was canceled because he said in
a song that he would have relationships with
his daughter's schoolmates a
[ __ ] outrage And I imagine that
right now with what Nodal is going through the
least that's going through his
mind would be to eh give this
character a chance and well family here we go
leaving today's video I hope you
enjoyed it and that you liked the
gossip I still have many
more things that I can tell you So as I have already
told you at the beginning of the video and
well as I have told you in the
previous videos too In the end it will all
depend on you if this video receives
a lot of support many likes many
subscriptions many shares no I
mean you give it you go completely
crazy sharing it  video well I'll have no
choice but to make a fourth one
and update the situation with any
news that comes out besides
the earpiece is ringing around here and it's itching eh it smells like it's
itching seriously no kidding by the time
you're watching this video I'll be traveling I have to
travel this weekend
to record a documentary for a
digital platform I'll tell you about
what topic but it's one of the topics that
we've covered the most on this channel and very
soon I imagine I'll be able to
tell you something and you'll be able to enjoy it and I'll
probably be back
around Sunday and between now and Sunday there will
probably be updates on
this topic and if not on this topic like it
happens every time I go on vacation
Willy Rex will take it and hit
Vegeta's mother Win Michu will come and show his
ass to Dallas and Dallas' sister He'll
start doing a wheelie on his motorcycle
down Time Square avenue
running over Digev's cat and
the biggest thing will happen So nothing we'll
probably stay in touch
follow me on Twitter follow me on
Instagram and follow me everywhere
except on the street  Okay, it would be a
little strange and we'll see each other in the next
video. Bye, I'll keep you informed there.
Okay. Bye, gorgeous. Have a great
weekend. See you soon.